Update aws.md (#17541)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/aws.md

When adding limits to existing AWS accounts within the integration page, the previously discovered instances could stay in the [Infrastructure List][5] up to 2 hours. During the transition period, EC2 instances display a status of `???`. This does not count towards your billing.

> Hosts with a running Agent still display and are included in billing. Use the limit option to restrict `aws.ec2.*` metrics collection from AWS and restrict the AWS resource EC2 isntance hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosts with a running Agent still display and are included in billing. Use the limit option to restrict `aws.ec2.*` metrics collection from AWS and restrict the AWS resource EC2 instance hosts.
```

> Hosts with a running Agent still display and are included in billing. Using the limit option is only applicable to EC2 instances collected from AWS and limiting aws.ec2.* metric collection from AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosts with a running Agent still display and are included in billing. Use the limit option to restrict `aws.ec2.*` metrics collection from AWS.
```
